RHDEVDOCS-3817 - Added cluster permission management (#47457)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-inbuilt-permissions-for-cluster-config.adoc

// Module included in the following assembly:
//
// * configuring-an-openshift-cluster-by-deploying-an-application-with-cluster-configurations.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="gitops-inbuilt-permissions-for-cluster-config_{context}"]
= In-built permissions for cluster configuration

By default, the Argo CD instance has permissions to manage specific cluster-scoped resources such as platform Operators, optional OLM Operators and user management. 

[NOTE]
====

> Argo CD does not have cluster-admin permissions.

Reviewer: `cluster-admin`

====

Permissions for the Argo CD instance:

> |===

Reviewer: openshift-docs prefers table formatting like this: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#alternative-footnote-styling-in-tables

|**Resources** |**Descriptions**
|Resource Groups | Configure the user or administrator
|`operators.coreos.com` | Optional Operators managed by OLM
|`user.openshift.io` , `rbac.authorization.k8s.io`    | Groups, Users and their permissions

> |`config.openshift.io` | Control plane Operators managed by CVO used to configure cluster-wide build configuration, registry configuration and scheduler policies

Reviewer: `configuration, and scheduler policies`

// Module included in the following assembly:
//
// * configuring-an-openshift-cluster-by-deploying-an-application-with-cluster-configurations.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="gitops-inbuilt-permissions-for-cluster-config_{context}"]
= In-built permissions for cluster configuration

> Argo CD has the following permissions to manage specific cluster-scoped resources which include platform operators, optional OLM operators and user management. 

Reviewer 2: This should be "The default Argo CD instance installed in the openshift-gitops namespace" instead of "Argo CD"

> The default Argo CD instance has some default permissions to manage specific cluster-scoped resources which include platform operators, optional OLM operators and user management. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default, the Argo CD instance has permissions to manage specific cluster-scoped resources such as platform Operators, optional OLM Operators and user management. 
```

[NOTE]
====

> Argo CD will not have cluster-admin permissions.

Reviewer 3: Future tense should be avoided. Suggested:

"Argo CD does not have cluster-admin permissions."

====

> The following table lists the permissions for the Argo CD instance:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.Permissions for the Argo CD instance
```

Reviewer 3: IBM SG:
"Avoid self-referential text whenever possible, such as "This topic is about" or "This section describes". Instead, focus on
the purpose or value of the content, and include words that users are likely to search for. For example, in a short
description in an online help topic, provide users with enough information to determine whether the topic meets their
needs. You can use self-referential text in learning modules and tutorials."

> 

Reviewer: Delete this line 17 so that the heading in line 16 precedes line 18.

> By default the Argo CD instance is provided with the following permissions:

Reviewer 2: This feels redundant to the sentence above.

Reviewer 2: I think this is not resolved. The new sentence reads:

> The Argo CD instance is provided with the following permissions

And the sentence just above reads:

> The default Argo CD has the following permissions

> |===

Reviewer 3: Suggestion: In general, I would remove the period at the end of the statements in the right-hand column in the table, as they are not stand-alone sentences.

|**Resources** |**Descriptions**
|Resource Groups | Configure the user or administrator.

> |operators.coreos.com | Optional operators managed by OLM.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|operators.coreos.com | Optional Operators managed by OLM
```

|user.openshift.io , rbac.authorization.k8s.io    | Groups, Users and their permissions
|config.openshift.io | Control plane Operators managed by CVO used to configure cluster-wide build configuration, registry configuration and scheduler policies
|storage.k8s.io   | Storage
|console.openshift.io    | Console customization

> |===

Reviewer: Put URLs in the left column between `backticks`.
